Docs: Plugin doc review for chunk 1-A (#67070)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/publish-a-plugin.md

1. Click **Submit Plugin**. The Create Plugin Submission form appears.

   {{< figure src="/static/img/docs/plugins/plugins-submission-create2.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width="650px" >}}

1. Enter the information requested by the form.
   - **OS & Architecture:**
     - Select **Single** if your plugin archive contains binaries for multiple architectures.
     - Select **Multiple** if you'd like to submit separate plugin archives for each architecture.
       This can lead to faster downloads since users can select the specific architecture on which they want to install the plugin.
   - **URL:** A URL that points to a ZIP archive of your packaged plugin.
   - **Source Code URL:** A URL that points to a public Git repository or ZIP archive of your complete plugin source code.
   - **MD5:** The MD5 hash of the plugin specified by the **URL**.
   - The remaining questions help us determine the [signature level]({{< relref "./sign-a-plugin#plugin-signature-levels" >}}) for your plugin.
1. Click **Submit**.
   After you submit your plugin, we run an automated validation to make sure it adheres to our guidelines.

>    Once your submission passes the validation, it's placed in a review queue.

Reviewer: Restructured the sentence to clarify the antecedent for "it", otherwise "it" referred to the validation and not the submission. 
```suggestion
   Your submission is placed in the review queue once it passes the validation.
```

> # Publish a plugin

Reviewer 2: I now see in the follow up PR that this is being addressed, cool!

> # Publish a plugin

Author: Fixed in latest commit.

> You've just built your first plugin; now you want to share it with the world.

Reviewer 2: Not a fan of "You've built your fist plugin" as implies this is only beginner content rather than something to refer back to

Author: Fixed in latest commit.

  If you're unable to make the source code publicly available, let us know in a comment on your plugin submission.
- **Tests:** We install your plugin on one of our Grafana instances to test it for basic use.
  For more advanced plugins, we may ask you to assist us in configuring a test environment for the plugin.

>   We will use the test environment whenever you submit a plugin update.

Reviewer: We try to avoid the future tense when possible. 
```suggestion
  We use the test environment whenever you submit a plugin update.
```

### Can I see metrics of my plugin installs, downloads or usage?

- No. We don't offer this information at the moment to plugin authors.

### How can I update my plugin's catalog page?

- The plugin's catalog page content is extracted from the plugin README file.
  To update the plugin's catalog page, submit an updated plugin with the new content included in the README file.

### Can I unlist my plugin from the Grafana plugin catalog in case of a bug?

- In the event of a bug, unlisting the plugin from our catalog may be possible in exceptional cases, such as security concerns. However, we don't have control over the specific instances where the plugin is installed.

### Can I distribute my plugin somewhere else other than the Grafana plugin catalog?

- The official method for distributing Grafana plugins is through our catalog. Alternative methods, such as installing private or development plugins on local Grafana instances, are available as per the guidelines provided in [this guide]({{< relref "../../administration/plugin-management#install-plugin-on-local-grafana" >}}).

### Can I still use Angular for my plugin?

> - No. We will not accept any new plugin submissions written in angular. For more information, refer to our [Angular support deprecation documentation]({{< relref "../angular_deprecation" >}}).

Reviewer: Should Angular be capitalized? It is in the heading, so I capitalized the A here. 
```suggestion
- No. We will not accept any new plugin submissions written in Angular. For more information, refer to our [Angular support deprecation documentation]({{< relref "../angular_deprecation" >}}).
```

- No. We cannot guarantee specific publishing dates, as plugins are immediately published after a review based on our internal prioritization.

> **Can I see metrics of my plugin installs, downloads, or usage?**

Author: I'm removing this question for now. Opened https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/67458

- No. We don't offer this information to plugin authors at the moment.

**How can I update my plugin's catalog page?**

- The plugin's catalog page content is extracted from the plugin README file.
  To update the plugin's catalog page, it is necessary to submit an updated plugin with the new content included in the README file.

> **Can I unlist my plugin from the Grafana plugin catalog in case of a bug?**

Author: Yes. Opened https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/67459
